Look, even if the technology doesn't
change from today, it can still wipe out
25% of entry- level white collar
workforce.
>> Connor Grenan is the chief AI architect
and founder of AI Mindset, a training
organization helping people to adopt AI
into their daily life.
>> Reinventing a process gets noticed way
more than you just doing more work.
>> New tools drop daily. You're using it a
few times in a week and wondering, "Am I
already behind? How do you even keep up?
And if I don't figure this out, my job
is going to disappear." So, first of
all, don't stress, right? Everybody's
going crazy with, "Oh, I just made this
into this." Don't worry about that. To
me, like a power user is using it across
everything from home to work and back
again and also are having long
conversations because this is not
Google. This is a companion. In this
conversation, Connor reveals why we
naturally misunderstand AI, how to
transform AI from a search tool into
your most powerful companion, how to
navigate the changing job market, and
what skills actually matter when nobody
knows where the technology is headed.
Connor, thank you so much for doing
this. I'm so excited to be talking to
you. You're teaching thousands of future
business leaders AI. You're talking to
huge companies, teaching their
leadership. Can you introduce yourself
in 60 seconds and tell me why people
should be listening to you when it comes
to AI?
>> Thank you so much for having me. It's
really an honor to be on your uh show
here. Yeah, so I'm Connor Grenin. I am
chief AI architect over at NYU Stern
School of Business here in uh New York
City. And a lot of what I do is I run AI
mindset, which is a training consulting
organization. We train big organizations
and kind of like everybody but on a
completely new way of thinking about AI.
It's a behavioral framework rather than
just, hey, here's a few features and a
tool that everybody should use. And the
idea is when you're actually sitting
with people in the room, a lot of them
are just using it, you know, a couple of
times a week or a few times a month or
just for a couple of different things
for queries for just asking questions.
>> So that's that's exactly exactly we can
end the podcast right now. That was it,
right? Like the idea is that when they
are using it um well two things are sort
of going wrong with the statistics, I
think. First of all, imagine if you were
in a big room and you said, "Hey, who
here is using Excel?" Every hand goes
up, right? But if you say, "Who's using
uh it and knows at least 40 formulas and
has done one half million dollar deal.
Three investment banker hands go up."
So, everybody's quote unquote using it.
But who's actually really using it to
change how they work and how they do
everything? to me like a power user is
using it across everything from home to
work and back again and also using it
like 30 times a day and also are having
long conversations because as you said
this is not Google it's not Google
search this is a companion
>> yeah uh when it comes to people who are
listening to this and they're like okay
I'm using it maybe a couple times a week
and I feel like I'm falling behind
because everyone around me is sharing
like oh I just started using this new
app and it transformed everything that I
do. What should these people be doing
now?
>> Yeah. So, first of all, don't stress,
right? Everybody's going crazy with,
"Oh, I just made this into this." Don't
worry about that. The most important
thing people can do is just take
whatever tool they're comfortable with.
And by that, I mean Chad GPT or Gemini
or Claude or Co-Pilot, whatever it is,
it doesn't matter. And just start
applying what they are doing using this
tool. So people keep thinking I think
this is the problem why people were
saving like the 10,000 prompt libraries
and it didn't make any sense except FOMO
basically. Yeah.
>> But what I would say is just take this
and realize I have to do a certain
amount of things during the day. Here
are the things that I do either at home
or at work. It almost doesn't matter.
>> And what am I doing? I'm usually just
trying to figure that out by myself or
maybe going to Google every once in a
while. And imagine you have sort of this
magical brilliant uh fairy godmother
next to you all the time that is just
always at your fingertips. So don't
worry about what's the latest tool or
GPT 5.2 what does it do? You don't need
10 PhDs in your pocket. You just need
some help every day.
>> Mhm. And what is like the use case that
you think is the most transformative. So
for me for example
>> asking Gemini to read my email and put
things into my calendar. That's already
a game changer. I'm like really finally
all the school emails like everything
they just go into calendar and I
automatically add my husband to
everything. the best. Has there been a
use case for you where you're like, "Oh
my god, just try this and your life is
going to change. You will understand the
power of AI."
>> I think for me it's really just sort of
like brainstorming and having
conversations. So I do a lot of writing
and so a lot of what I do is I actually
do a lot of teaching and writing, right?
So and both those things uh AI has been
really powerful because I'm a writer by
background. So I I think I'm a a good
writer, but the idea is it can always be
better. So I just take what I've already
written and just throw it into like for
me it's like claude maybe or copilot or
gemini or chatbt and say
>> just make this more readable. So I'm not
asking AI to do a first draft of
something, right? Because then it's hard
to get the AI out of it. It's write your
first draft first. Always, always,
always. And then just put it in and say,
"Hey, how can I make this better? This
is my audience. Like what am I doing
wrong?" And for me, it's make this more
readable. What are the stats are in
here? That's number one. And the second
use case for me again me as a sort of a
creator and entrepreneur is I'm just
trying to figure out like what am I
missing? Here's what I'm doing right
now. But I use you know and you know the
thinking models essentially of these
things. So you can kind of say like,
"Hey, think a little longer." or
something like that. And we'll just give
you a it's it's almost like having a
co-CEO or a co-founder or a co- idea
generator with you to say, "You know
what, Connor? I know you've been doing
it this this way this whole time, but
have you thought that maybe that's
flawed?" And if you ask it to poke holes
in your argument, it's unbelievably
impactful.
>> Yeah. And and this is the mindset
change, right? Because you're going
from, "Oh, I'm just asking questions to
I treat this as my career coach. I treat
this as my coowwriter.
What is this mindset shift? What do you
teach your students?
>> Yeah, the mindset shift is everything,
right? And mindset's a little bit of a I
don't know like I don't love the word
even though my company is called AI
mindset, but it's because it feels like
it's kind of like nothing. But what we
mean is that this is a behavioral shift.
And and what I mean by that is when
we're going and talking big companies, I
mean everybody from, you know, Walmart
on down, right? it the idea is every
company tends to treat this as a digital
transformation. And what a digital
transformation is you know very well
right it's you're taking a new product
and replacing the old product but that
product kind of does the same thing
right you had uh you know pencil and
paper now you're using Excel or you had
you know fax machines now you're using
email the thing about that is that
you're just moving from one tool to
another tool that does essentially the
same thing so that's what a digital
transformation is but imagine now we
have something that does something
wildly differently it's it's helps you
think in a new way like I ask people all
the time hey what is you know chat gbt
he replace because you can always say
what something replaces, right? like you
know uh you know again email replaced
the fax machine and the hammer replaced
the rock and you can always say what
something replaces
>> but with chat GBT there's no answer
right it's a new way of
>> thinking it doesn't some people say
Google search but it doesn't really
replace just search it replaces a
million different things
>> so if that's the mindset where you're
like this isn't something that's
replacing something this is as if I have
a new person next to me
>> right next to me
>> able to help me with anything like if
you spill coffee on your shirt it's
going to help you Like if you need to
brainstorm, it's going to help you. If
you need to process information, it's
going to help you. If you need to figure
out a 12-year-old's birthday party, it's
going to help you. It's it's so broad
that narrowing it down to use cases can
get uh overly limiting. So, it's that
new way of thinking.
>> Yeah. I heard you say when you just
write down things that you're doing, you
can take a picture and send it to Chad
GBT and like ask what are the tools that
can speed it up? And something that I
realized is really working for me right
now in terms of like even for early
adopters like memory is such a core
thing, right? And every app it remembers
all your interactions with it. It
remembers your goals, your passions,
things you're trying to avoid. And so I
started doing more strategic things with
the CAD GPT and Gemini. I like them
both. And perplexity like I'm I'm trying
to use all of them for different
purposes.
>> But what I realized if I start talking
about my strategic goals and where I'm
headed, then every answer is targeted to
that goal. And like when I'm asking even
like about the hotel in New York like
and Chad would be like Marina you're
trying to slow down. You're trying to
this this and that. You should choose
this hotel cuz it's only 10 minutes away
from the studio. Like starting do you
feel like for everyone who's just brand
new to this and has used chat GPT a
couple times. Would you say integrating
AI uh the best way to start integrating
AI would be talking to it about your
strategic goals first and like
describing who you are?
>> Absolutely. And I love that example that
you just gave on the hotel. So let's
break that one down for a second, right?
So Google or let's call it Google
search. I don't mean Gemini here. You
just say like, hey, what's a good hotel
that's generally near the studio, right?
And so Google will sort of like look and
it'll give you a deterministic response.
It's like, okay, these are all within
three blocks. But imagine if you had a
friend that really knew the area, right?
And you're like, Connor, my best friend
in the world. Where should I stay? I
know you know New York. I'd be like, you
Marina, like knowing you, what I would
say is that this hotel is great, but you
walk out, it's a little seedy, and this
other one's right next to Whole Foods,
and I know you like to run every day or
something like that, and this is
actually right near a park. And also,
you want to get to the studio a little
early, but guess what? There's a subway
that takes you there in 5 minutes. You
don't have to be next door. You're going
to want to be here. It's just it'll
inspire. Do you know what I mean? Like,
it's it's a wildly different result
because of that. And that's the thing.
People are using it just as a search,
like a command, response, walk away. And
one thing on that, our brains have
trouble because it looks like a search
engine and so your brain treats it like
a search. In the same way, if we saw a
babysitting right here in our podcast
studio, which would be phenomenal, by
the way, you'd automatically talk to it
like a baby, you wouldn't think, how do
I talk to this thing, right? You just do
it instinctively.
>> But that's the thing. When your brain
sees something like a chatbt, it's
actually literally is our research. It
literally looks like a search engine. So
your brain literally goes into that
mode. Command response, walk away. Which
hotel should I use? Which instead of
>> hey, this is your friend that you're
texting. And then instead of command,
response, walk away. You'd never do that
if you had Jeff Bezos in the room and
you were asking him a question. You have
a conversation.
>> And so that's what you have to overcome.
That's why we call it a mindset. It's
literally things in your brain you have
to overcome.
>> Yeah. It's a friend or now for me it's
more like a coach. Yes. Like a
professional coach that has access to
all the information. Something that Jeff
Bezos was advised by his career coach
and I just asked them.
>> It's phenomenal. But that's the thing
because again that turns it into a
conversation. But why is it hard? So I
think that you know in terms of getting
hyper hyper practical here because we
can say all we want like ah just talk to
it like a person but that's like saying
just eat less and exercise. There's a
reason why we can't just eat. Maybe you
can. I I I have a hard time with eating
less and exercise. But why do we have a
problem with like getting on a
treadmill? We have a problem getting on
a treadmill because our brain
prioritizes quick rewards and conserving
energy and a treadmill doesn't do those
things. So it actually has nothing to do
with the treadmill or how many features
a treadmill has. It has everything to do
with why our brain stops us.
>> Same thing here. This is our research
that we uncovered over two years here is
that it's not that people don't want to
treat it like a human or don't see the
value in it. It's that your brain is
actually literally doing something where
it's treating it like a search engine
because of how neural pathways and
automation work in your brain. And
that's why we have to come up with new
paradigms and frameworks to get people
through that.
>> What if Connor's one piece of advice to
shift your mindset, redesign habits
started with the right tool? Our biggest
problem was simple. Too many creative
people with too many brilliant ideas. We
are a production team that runs on
brainstorms, case studies, interview
concepts, story angles, potential
guests. Ideas come at us from every
direction. And honestly, it used to be
absolute chaos. Different notes on
different people's computers. Messy
boards that looked more like abstract
art than action plans. And then came the
worst part, spending hours manually
turning all that creative energy into an
actual work plan. Here's the thing. We
kept losing context between steps. Great
ideas would just vanish. And then we
tried mirror flows. Here's what
happened. We did our usual chaotic
brainstorm. Threw everything on the
canvas, all our raw ideas, and then
flows turned that mess into a structured
strategic document in literally one
minute. But here's when it gets better.
That document became a living product
road map. As the new interviews got
scheduled, flows automatically updated
the timeline. When a case study got
approved, it flows straight into our
production calendar. Guest confirmations
instantly synced with our content
pipeline. We weren't just organizing
ideas. We built a system that keeps
organizing itself. The entire workflow
from brainstorm to published content now
runs through connected workflows. No
blank prompts, no switching tools. Flows
just take what's already on our board
and all that context we've built and
transform it into the next steps of our
project. Each one flows into the other
because the entire canvas is the prompt.
What used to take hours of manual work
now happens automatically. And because
we can save these flows as templates,
we're not starting from zero anymore.
Same brilliant chaos, but now it
actually goes somewhere. If your team
has more ideas than structure, try flows
in mirror. Your future self will thank
you. And let's return to our discussion
about integrating new tools into your
daily routine.
>> So, the tools change so rapidly, right?
Like you were just saying,
>> how do you [laughter] keep up with that?
>> Okay. And I'm so glad you said that
because you know what I would say to
people out there, you don't have to keep
up with it, right? Like you kind of do
cuz you have [laughter] this. I kind of
do cuz of my world. But I mean 99.9% of
the population doesn't. Why? Because the
things that just came out like literally
like last night, right? like or you know
or or the day before whatever it is it's
you know Gemini it's cloud 4.5 it's chat
you know 5.2 too. The difference of what
that gives you is not significant to
99.9% of the population, right? Because
again, we don't need 14 PhDs in our
pockets. You don't need anything like
that. And so when I think about even
something like Excel, even something
like that, what I tell people is don't
worry about the tool. The tool's going
to be fine. In the same way, you know,
you don't have to buy the best treadmill
out there. You just have to put on
running shoes and go outside. Now,
that's hard because of how our brain
functions and what our brain prioritizes
just through our lyic system. But when I
think about okay practically speaking
let's say you have to do this task and
you're thinking well what's going to do
that like I have to build a spreadsheet
what or I have to build a slide deck
what's going to do best on that what I
would say to people as a especially as a
starting point but even if you're feel
like you're pretty confident don't worry
about the tool that's going to do it the
best think about your process right so
just to give you a quick example if I
could so I was working with a CEO of a
big bank here in New York City and he
was asking me like well can it help me
determine whether we should open you
know an office in Denver I was like well
not really because it's not a good
answer machine it's a good process
machine. He's like, "Oh, it's kind of
what I need." I'm like, "Okay, but hold
on. Like, let's talk about how would you
do that?" So, he's like, "Well, here's
the process I would take without AI."
And every step of that process, there
were probably 12. I was like, "Okay,
here's how AI helps you here. Here's how
AI helps you here." So, it's really
about breaking down rather than getting
an answer. Think about your process and
just have AI walk you through and help
you through each step of that process.
>> You just basically upload the process
into Chad GBT. And
>> that's exactly and and the same thing
like with slide decks. How long have
people been whining about it? doesn't
create like amazing slide decks. It's
like, "Yeah, man. That's your job.
That's why you get paid. Like, don't
offload that." Instead, say, "Hey, this
is the message I'm trying to create. Uh,
Chad BT, help me. What should I put
generally on every slide?" It's like
this. Okay. What do you think would be
impactful as a visual? This kind of
thing. And then go and build the slide.
It's not like every
gamma does beautiful
>> pres
now. Like there's a ton. Beautify.
There's a ton of slide deck things,
>> but ultimately it's your process that
this is going to help. What are your top
three tools that you use?
>> Okay, so in in switching order because
these things always switch. I would say
uh I just love Claude 4.5 Opus. I think
it's a really powerful writer. Um I love
Gemini 3 as just a deep deep thinking
tool. I think it's phenomenal. It also
integrates with all my Google stuff
best.
>> Chad GBT uh I is my everyday. It's like
it kind of had replaced Google for me.
Like if I just have a question like wait
what is this again? How long does an oak
tree live? I don't know why I'm asking
that, but like it's Chad GBT is my great
sort of like uh go-to. And then Copilot,
like when I'm working with a lot of
companies on C-pilot, we do tons of
C-pilot integrations. Copilot's getting
smarter and smarter and smarter. So
those are kind of like Sorry, I gave you
four, but those are the four that I'm
kind of switching between every day.
>> But basically, you're using the the the
the LLMs, right, of the world, not like
specific smaller apps.
>> I really like that. And and here's the
reason why. And it's even the reason why
I answer that way when people ask
because there's maybe a couple of tools
that I use.
>> But the problem is in the history of
technology, we're always looking for
sort of like the better thing, [snorts]
right? It's like, well, so because I get
asked all the time like, well, what's
better, you know, Claude Tragic PT? I'm
like, it's not relevant. It's sort of
like saying, well, is this,
>> you know, $900 bottle of wine better
than this $800? It's like, do I don't
know. Like, I have no idea because your
taste buds only go up to like $80. Well,
maybe not yours, but mine, right? So
point is it doesn't matter which one is
better. It matters which one feels more
comfortable and natural with what you're
doing and where are you going. And so
when we overindex on like the specific
tool like some of these you know slide
deck tools even though they're great I
would say get used to having this
companion because that companion is
going to get you sorry one other thing I
do a lot with law firms with law firms
like well what's the best legal tech?
I'm like, I think they're all pretty
good, but what if you just had a
companion through ChatBT or Gemini or
Claude that was just helping you and you
could just talk to it. Then it's not
about what treadmill is better. It's are
you putting on running shoes and getting
out there?
>> Yeah, I love that. And also like with
LM's getting better and better, it's
just you keep coming back to them.
>> It's Yeah. Is there do you have a tip
for for example like Chad GBT knows a
lot about my queries because I also use
it as Google and I I feel like the the
reason is because the output is so well
structured compared even compared to
Gemini. I just love when it gives me
bullet points and bold text and emojis.
It's just the visual part. I think they
nailed it. How do you transfer from you
say Claude is amazing now I want to try
it for writing. How do you transfer all
the knowledge from Chad GBC to claude?
>> I think these tools are so good now that
um you can actually transfer pretty
easily. So now I have kind of like
co-CEOs for AI mindset in Claude,
Gemini, and CHABT. And the way I did
that was
>> chatbt
uh essentially like knew everything
about me, right? Cuz you talk about the
memory, it's so powerful. So what I
asked Chacht was
>> listen create like a 10-page document on
like everything you know about me. Like
really distilling it down to the
essentials like what do I like? How do I
think? Like what do I like? What do I
like in outputs? All that kind of stuff.
And then I just take that and I toss it
into Gemini and Gemini gets it right
away. Claude gets it right away. So you
can almost transfer your memory over to
each single one. And that is the really
powerful thing to me.
>> I love that. Have you do you have any
queries that people would want to use
especially towards the end of the year?
You know, I was just interviewing the
founder of Opus Clip and he told me this
>> uh query that he uses. He asked Chad GBT
or whatever I think he was using Gemini
um if you could give me advice six
months ago based on my queries in the
past six months what that advice would
be and I asked my Chad GBT and my Chad
GBT is like Marina you're trying to
control everything in your life like
you're trying to control your kids your
dog your business you need to chill and
that was like yeah
>> re yeah and like let's let's build a
strategy for 2026 based on this
>> do you have anything like this That's
super powerful because your LLM has has
the memory about you
>> when you tell your large language model.
I say it almost in every prompt just to
make sure. I'm like push back, push
back, push back because it pushes back
and okay I'm I'm anthropom
anthropomorphizing but it pushes back.
Don't you find it kind of pushes back
lovingly and empathetically. It's
probably because it's not saying like
Marina you idiot. It's probably saying
like Marina you're doing a lot of stuff
right?
>> It's always it's the nicest person.
Marina you're so amazing so much.
Everybody's like the syncopinsy don't
I'm like that's I love that part.
>> You're now used to it. You're like you
expect everyone to treat you that way.
Oh my god.
>> They should. [laughter] We can learn a
lot from AI. I think but it's that
empathetic behaving. Obviously it's not
intrinsically empathetic but it is
empathetic behaving. And so for me the
things that I put in there are a couple
of things. First of all uh feel free to
push back because I'm not going to get
defensive and I know it's not sort of
like a dead thing but it's going to
really help me. So that other things I
use all the time is just like just make
this more readable. How am I think and
then the biggest thing I did this in uh
so I just did master class if you know
the brand master class so the thing I
was doing in master class a lot this
idea of never stop right because why do
we stop working right we stop working
because like I cannot bear to do another
draft or I can't bear to think through
this one more time but you don't have to
you can just say how would I make this
better what am I missing what am I
missing like five times in a row it's
not going to get worse or as soon as it
does you're like okay well come back to
this come back to this so I would say
the biggest things are first of all
always create your first draft and have
it edit make it more readable. But the
biggest thing I love I love Opus Clips
by the way. I love that you interviewed
him is kind of toward the end of the
year remember that your brain
instinctively will say Connor don't do
any more work. You're exhausted. That's
instinctive. You have to retrain it to
say just do this again. What's better?
What am I missing? What am I missing?
That's the real power.
>> I love that when it comes to
misinformation, right? because
[clears throat] we go to AI for so many
questions and I notice sometimes that if
I'm just especially when I'm in a single
thread like doing all my queries and
then I ask like a therapy question and
the answer is like oh no [clears throat]
I would never do that how do you deal
with that because I think u Mustafa
mentioned that 60% of copilot AI queries
are medical
>> and they like they connected Harvard
database to make sure the answers are
correct but do Do you ever go to Chad
GBT for I don't know financial advice?
How should I restructure my portfolio?
Would you trust AI with that?
>> I think one of the mistakes people make
especially around hallucinations and
especially around well you know AI I'm
not going to trust it because it gets it
wrong like humans hallucinate too right
humans get things wrong too. So what we
always say or I always say sort of on
our team when we're working with these
[clears throat] organizations is it's
not a calculator. Like if your
calculator gave you a wrong answer you'd
throw it'd be like smoking and burning
up right? You'd throw it away. But if a
person came on and they were brilliant.
They didn't know much about your company
but they were absolutely brilliant. You
could trust is maybe the wrong word but
they were clearly doing amazing work
product. You still wouldn't just say
like hey do this task for me and then
you know go off and do it like no you'd
refine it with them. You'd go back and
forth with them etc. You'd sort of like
teach them a little bit. You'd say like
I like that but I don't like that. So
what is the difference here? The
difference is it's really acting like a
human. That's number one. So if a human
gives you medical advice, if your friend
is like oh that you know burn on your
arm looks like this. All right. Is that
person a dermatologist or are they not a
dermatologist? And so if they're not and
it's important, I'm going to fact check
it. The the example sometimes I use is
that a lot of things that work, you
don't have to have exact precision. A
lot of it's just brainstorming. How
should I think about this? But if you
are going to go and meet like uh you
know the the the chief marketing officer
at Morgan Stanley and you want some
conversation starters and your friend's
like, I think I read somewhere that you
know he he's really into like balloon
animals or something like that. You'd be
like, "Oh, I'll bring all my balloon."
Right. You better get that right
otherwise like you are screwed. Yeah.
>> So if you need accuracy, double check
it.
>> How do you double check? You just copy
the answer from Chad GBT to claude and
ask it to double check.
>> I do, but I I don't even put it into
another AI. If I really need something
that I need to be right, I go to Google
search. I go to the source like or I ask
somebody or something like that. Like if
you need something to be absolutely
precise, like you're fixing a thing on
an airplane like holding the propeller
to the I don't know why you or I would
be doing that, but like [clears throat]
but if it's that,
>> you know that I'm going to go to the
actual manual. Well, I'm never going to
rely on chat GBT for something critical.
>> Yeah, that makes sense. Do you think
with all of that, like we're going to
chats for all our queries. Do you think
we're losing memorization critical
skills?
>> Okay. Um, here's the thing. You have
kids, I think, right? Like I have kids.
They're in high school. They're a little
uh further than yours. Um, and we do a
lot with education. My son who's uh 16,
about to be 17. He and I do a lot of
like, you know, teaching together. We've
taught at some amazing places and done
keynotes together around this cuz I
think people keep expecting him to say,
"Hey, everybody needs to use he's a
junior in high school. Everybody needs
to use AI." And in a way, he's right. In
a way, I'm right to when I say that. In
another way, I mean, it does. Don't you
think? Like it kind of it can really
destroy critical thinking. I absolutely
believe that. And that's that's hard
because how do you be such a how are you
such an optimist about something that
can destroy critical thinking? I guess
what I would say is this technology is
here and a lot of technologies have you
know done away with what we would think
are critical thinking skills and things
like that. This is a new one. So if
people are only using it to just get
answers it's sort of like remember like
cliff notes and spark notes stuff like
that. There's two ways to use that right
there's either hey like you know I don't
have time to read Hamlet I'm just going
to use this but then that really
diminishes your critical thinking which
is going to matter when you get out into
the working world and everything else.
School matters for a reason. or you use
it as hey what's a new way of looking at
this what am I not seeing like what I
didn't understand that scene three act
four like in this like and it's an
amazing tool then right now your
critical thinking is getting even deeper
and deeper and deeper it's a
personalized learning assistant so it
can help it's really up to the
individual so it gets the whole question
of how do we switch how do we like
change education but I it's not just
does it kill critical thinking or does
it not but I think you're right it can
so how do we prevent that
>> so you have two kids
>> what are you telling them about the
future of the world powered by AI. What
should they be learning and what skills
are becoming obsolete?
>> I mean, you and I live in this world,
right? And we're we're watching it every
day and it is very hard to tell what's
going away and what's staying. You can
kind of tell in the short term, but we
could never have predicted where we are
right now either. So, it's easy to say
to people, oh, we have we need like
adaptability. We need curiosity. But it
drives me a little nuts when people say
that because what does that mean? Like
we were talking before we came on air,
right, about like practical, right?
Practical is always more interesting.
And I hate when people are just like,
oh, you know, uh just be more curious.
I'm like, how do you tell somebody to be
more curious?
>> So, what I tell uh you know, our kids
and what I it's kind of the same thing I
tell with at scale tens of thousands of
people in in one single organization,
which is it doesn't matter if you're
curious or not. Like you can behave in a
curious way. And so what does that look
like? Well, let's give you some steps.
First, understand sort of again like
what we do, which is like what is the
brain malfunctioning here? like what are
these three paradigms what are these
steps all that kind of stuff and take
them through what it's not and what it
is and then say just lean into what you
are passionate about and I don't mean
that as a pathy kind of like oh do what
you love cuz I actually don't believe
that I come from a business school we
don't tend to work in that way but what
I do think is that no matter what you do
AI can enhance it and come up with a new
way of doing this this is what's so
interesting about this technology is
that the history of technology has been
the creators of the technology or the
service have always defined like what
the role like if you invented the
computer you know that we need silicone
chips and keyboards and delivery
mechanisms but that's not the case
anymore the leaders of certainly open AI
anthropic everywhere else they don't
know right the leaders of companies they
don't know the only people that are
going to be able to figure it out is
from the bottom up right people who's in
a who's somebody who's in a job really
getting fluent on this really shifting
their behavior not just telling some you
know somebody telling them use some new
tools shifting their behavior and then
looking at what they do every day their
bottom
and working with AI to really innovate
dramatically on what that person
individual does. That's why it's so
critical to upskill entire
organizations.
>> And I kind of say the same thing to the
kids. It's like
>> all these organ all these jobs are still
going to be around. Maybe there's fewer
of them, but if you can reinvent a way
of doing things with AI, you're gold
>> cuz nobody knows. Nobody knows.
>> Yeah. It's it's what I'm realizing like
the more the more I'm talking to people,
nobody knows.
>> Nobody knows.
>> Nobody understands. then it's up to you
to come up with the idea and say like
hey I think this is the right way to do
this and uh if it's a good idea people
will listen
>> 100%. [snorts]
>> Have you seen how hiring is changing
with AI because a lot of people are
struggling to find jobs especially entry
level like I think AI eliminated 30%.
It's like it's a big number.
>> Yeah I mean the potential is there to
eliminate that right it's and that's
where all these new sort of statistics
around what these models can do is
fascinating. I know Dario Amade over at
Anthropic said exactly this. He's like
look even if the technology doesn't
change from today it can still wipe out
25% of entry level white collar
workforce call it. So when I'm looking
across like the whole spectrum I don't
see it happening yet necessarily what I
do see is the potential is there and
that's a pretty big difference right so
like right now where AI is right now
even if it didn't advance for the next
10 years which is obviously not going to
happen if people were using it correctly
you can take these teams of you know 10
people and probably reduce it down to
two people. So, it's not that you can
get rid of everybody, but just that one
person can do way more work. Now, here's
the the really hard part, right? Is that
>> the work that it can do is sort of like
entry level work,
>> but then how do those entry- level
people then learn how to do those skills
so that they can kind of like go and
become managers, etc., etc. That is
unbelievably hard. I'm not sure how to
solve that problem. But what we do know
is it's not um about getting rid of your
people and replacing with AI. That can't
happen for the very simple reason that
AI doesn't know what quality looks like.
AI can do a tremendous amount and the
answers are in there. But in like if you
and I were sort of, you know, if you
were a marketer and I wasn't and we both
used chatbt to in 20 minutes to come up
with a new shoe brand, mine would look
great, right? Cuz I went from nothing to
this shoe. But you as a marketer, I know
that's that's not your background maybe,
but but this idea is because you know
what quality looks like, you'll produce
something extraordinary because you know
how to steer it. You know what's right
and wrong, etc. So, we still need people
with domain expertise everywhere. We
probably realistically just need fewer.
But I'll also say that companies have
been very slow to change their hiring
processes.
>> Uh any advice for people who are
struggling to get hired?
>> Yeah, I do actually. And and being uh at
at NYU Stern at the business school,
this has been my passion for the last 12
years, which is how do people get hired?
It's actually one of the big reasons I
went to Stern in the first place is that
like doesn't that just break your heart
when people are struggling to find work,
right? And with AI, I think that we're
in a a a zone right now where the
opportunity is absolutely colossal for
this reason. It requires understanding
AI and really using AI well, uh, is is
an incredible tool because you don't
have to learn anything. You don't need
to be a coder. You don't need to be
anything. Literally, all you need to be
able to do is talk like a human and
everybody can do that. That's number
one. But number two, and this is the
really important thing, it's not enough
to just go into a job interview and say,
"I know how to use AI." Because
everybody can say that. And it's sort of
like Excel thing. Everybody uses it, but
people are using it to make a grocery
list or something like that, not to
transform, you know, how a hedge fund
operates.
>> So, what does that actually look like?
So, this so we actually have a a course,
right? This generative AI for
professionals that helps give people
this exact skill, not just reinventing
how they work, cuz that's not the holy
grail to me. The holy grail is can you
invent the work of everybody around you.
So, if you go into a job interview, and
this is what I tell everybody to do, go
into a job interview prepared with what
they do, what are the like they'll have
given you a sense of what you should do.
So go in there and say like hey here's
my domain expertise but let me just show
you what I would do with AI and how I
would reinvent this process because
folks and you know this too right anyone
can do this with claw gemini chatbt you
don't have to come up with it you just
have to monitor and steer it so say
here's how I would change this role to
even potentially put me out of a job
right I mean senior leaders would love
that but here's the really holy grail
this is the kicker on all this this is
the kicker such a chhatty thing to say
Gosh, I take it back. But here's the
really important thing. Say, and here's
how the team can use this in a very
different way. Here's the exact
workflow. Here's what I would change.
Here's how I would think about it.
Because we want to upskill a team. You
don't want just hire somebody to come in
and do AI differently. You want somebody
to come in and change the way it's done
around that person. That to me is the
holy grail.
>> I love that. And it's the whole business
opportunity. When I look at like all of
the brickandmortar business, even like
tech businesses, there's so much that
could be done. so much
>> for someone who wants to start a
business. Where do you see the most
opportunity?
>> I almost think starting a business is
your best bet right now. Don't you kind
of right?
>> I've heard so many people say in two
years you're either an entrepreneur or
or you're dead,
>> right? [laughter] I mean, don't you
think that though? Because think about
it in two ways. First of all, we have no
idea where this thing is going to poke
its head. In other words, we have no
idea if it's just going to wipe out
marketing or something. We have no idea
if it's going to wipe out writing or
coding. We don't know. And it's not
because the tool can't do it. because we
don't know how fast the world around us
will adapt to that tool. So given that
nobody knows, not even Sam Alman or Dar
or anybody else or you or me or you had
Mustafa Sullean on the other day,
phenomenal interview you did with him,
he doesn't know either, right?
>> So if these people don't know, then how
can anybody know? So here's what I would
say. Being an entrepreneur, even if
you're an entrepreneur alongside with
what you're doing, I kind of call it the
parallel resume. Do both, right? If if
you care about this, Gary Vaynerchuk has
a great thing on this where he's like,
"Work the extra hours." Like I know
nobody wants to hear it, but work the
extra hours. But here's how you do it.
You build something that you think can
um transform how your team was already
doing that work. In other words, once
you sort of like create a process for
people, that's what people want. They
don't want just like somebody who can do
AI because that it's people don't always
recognize it. It's sort of linear in the
amount of growth you can provide for an
organization. But if you're an
entrepreneur, this is how I started. I'm
not sure how you started, but certainly
in this field for me, I just created a
framework like, well, what do I think is
missing from how AI is taught? And I
just started going out talking to a
million people, testing it out, testing
it out, testing it out. And then
finally, it's like somebody's like, you
know, if you come and give a workshop at
our asset management firm, like, you
know, how much do you charge? And I
named like some crazy amount. They're
like, okay, great. I'm like, really?
Like, so, but it's right. Exactly. But
here's the thing. It doesn't have to be
an AI. Like, if you can use AI to come
up with a new kind of marketing or a new
kind of operations or new kind of legal
or something like that, people are
looking for those narrow use cases that
can be expanded to others that are rep
repeatable. I think it's the best time
ever to be an entrepreneur.
>> It's all about strategy, right? And even
like what what I see I have 35 people on
my team and I see all of them as
entrepreneurs. Some of them have
multiple clients, right? It's not just
they're working for me and you can be an
entrepreneur within your workplace
because you are reinventing the process
and then a lot of companies are now
hiring abroad and like there are people
who are marketers but they do marketing
for multiple companies because they
build a process that works for them.
>> It's just such a fascinating time.
>> This is the perfect way to say it. You
could be an entrepreneur inside of your
organization in a way that you never
could before. And why is that? because
and they've proven this out a million
different ways with uh uh Harvard
Business School did this with Proctor
and Gamble. They're showing that one
person can essentially create a
synthetic team around them. So what's
always holding back entrepreneurs? Well,
I don't know how to code. I don't know
how to market. I don't know how to do
operations, legal, whatever it is. Or
I'm not a good leader.
>> All of a sudden, you have these AIs that
can be a great proxy for that. Is it
perfect? No, it's not perfect. But
imagine where you were before. And so
what that means is that inside of your
company, you can reinvent a process.
Now, here's what I recommend people do.
Reinventing a process gets noticed way
more than you just doing more work.
Right? Reinventing a process
>> 100%.
>> Right? It's And if you say, "Hey, we
have re because now all of a sudden
they're tracking ROI. But even more than
that, reinvent the process and then show
how you can share it with others. Show
how you can make it repeatable." I was
working with this big private I do a lot
with private equity and the head of this
private equity firm was saying, "Hey, we
have five guys on this team. We're going
to invite two more analysts to join that
team." But I told these five people, if
you can do this work without those two,
I'll give you the money. And which is a
great way to sort of like drive
innovation in a way. But what I would
also say and what I said to him is
that's not the holy grail. The holy
because they'll just come up with a
system that works for them. They have to
come up with a system that's kind of
agnostic to who would use it. They have
to come up with a system, a process
that's repeatable for everybody else.
You are now in an organization wherever
you are in a corporation sitting out
there somewhere working on a process.
You can that's going to be your IP.
figure out how to do that process better
with with AI. Start repeating it across
the organization that will get noticed.
And then what I would say and you'd
probably say too, right? Go off and
start a little
>> talk about becoming a chief AI architect
of your [laughter] company.
>> Isn't that a great title? I love that
title.
>> And also like as a founder, I want that
to happen. I want my one of my managers
to come up and say like, "Hey, I don't
want to do this manually anymore. I came
up with a process. AI is going to do
that for me. I'm the test maker. I'm
just gonna curate whatever AI is
creating. That that's that's where I
want.
>> Don't you? And I love to I love that you
said this because you were at like you
are a manager. You are a leader. And for
that coming out of your mouth to say
that's what I want. I'm trying to tell
people that all the time like senior
leaders want that from their people.
>> Absolutely. We don't want we senior.
>> Yeah. No, you're right though. You're
right.
>> I mean, I don't want people to just
spend hours of their days coming up with
what AI can do. I want them to to become
managers. Yeah. That's awesome.
>> Okay. What do you think is going to
happen as someone from NYU? What's gonna
happen to universities?
>> Do you think in 10 years? Do do I need
to be saving for my kids college
[laughter] or that's that's obsolete by
then?
>> You do. It drives me crazy when people
are saying like, "Oh, there won't be
universities." I'm sure that we have
said that throughout history. I mean,
Harvard is older than the United States
itself. NYU has been around for a long
time. Universities are not going away
because they don't just do one thing,
right? Like if if universities were
simply you go and you pressed a button
and you matrixed something into the back
of your skull and all of a sudden you
had that knowledge. Okay, that's that's
one thing. But that's not what teaching
is. I mean like right now AI can
absolutely first grade through 12th
grade it knows all that information
better than any teacher we have, right?
But so why do we still have schools? We
have schools because school is more than
that. Universities are more than that.
Universities are where you meet people,
where you exchange ideas, where you
actually sort of like bounce things off
people who have really lived that
experience, where you become uh, you
know, an adult and all this kind of
stuff. It's not a transactional things.
Now, now if we're just talking about
like online school,
yeah, I kind of think AI can very easily
replace a lot of online school.
Absolutely. And I don't mean like, you
know, zooming into a class. I mean just
like something where it's like we get
Exactly.
Because why? Because all of a sudden
you're going from just like a course and
think about how teachers have to teach
just by nature of how the human brain is
structured. You have to go to the lowest
common denominator when you're teaching
25 people. You can't take every single
kid and understand exactly what each one
of them needs. But AI kind of can to
your point about memory earlier, right?
So yeah, universities are here to stay.
I think that there's going to be
definitely um a sythe that takes out
kind of like the middle structure of
universities. We probably don't need so
many. But yeah, there's I mean hundreds
a thousand universities that will still
remain because of everything they offer
to the human experience.
>> Yeah, I love that. My last question is
what type of change influenced by AI do
you want to witness in your life? So you
can say yes, we did it.
>> Woo, that's a good one. So for me, um so
I and and my son too and and my
daughter, we go out to Nepal every year.
We have a kind of a history of going out
to Nepal and teaching AI in schools and
in nonprofits and things like that. And
I've I lived in Nepal for a while and I
and I've seen in a country like that
which is one of the poorer countries in
the world. What AI can do for those
individuals gives me goosebumps
literally right now, right? Because if
you think about it, they don't have
tutors, right? You and I can afford
tutors for our kids probably, right?
Like they can't do that. They can't even
like I've seen the schools there how the
schools work. Now all of a sudden they
have something on their phone that can
be this incredible tutor and education.
It's not a silver bullet, but holy cow
does it really progress a nation. Same
with medical. So I spent a lot of time
in very remote areas where there's no
roads or anything like that. And this
idea in those areas is if you cut
yourself or if you have something on
your skin or if you have symptoms or
something all of a sudden now everyone
with a mobile phone and they do have
mobile phones has access to something
resembling a doctor. Is it as perfect as
a doctor? No, absolutely not. And you
have to check it and is there risk? Yes,
of course. All the disclaimers. But
going if your kid is sick and your kid
is coughing like you have kids, right? I
have kids. Like what's worse than when
your kid is sick? just want an answer.
And so all of a sudden you have these
people who live in these very remote
areas have answers that they can help
their kids. That to me is where I want
to go. That's why to me it's more than
just like oh let's sort of see how we
can get corporate America to make more
money. That's great cuz I profit from
that. We all profit from that. We're all
having a good time with it. But like for
me it's like it's humanity and I really
mean that. Like there's an incredible
things that we can do with humanity and
I'm dying to see that change.
>> Oh my god. I love it. Thank you so much
Connor. It was amazing. Very practical.
We love that. Thank you. Thank you for
having me. That was a really fun
conversation.